README.md, before:

# neu_vgg16_example
Tutorial to use pre-trained VGG16 for defect classification on NEU Surface Defect Database. This is intended for demonstration purposes at Carnegie Mellon University Department of Materials Science and Engineering. 

## Setting up the environment
The environment file `mse_env.yml` is included in this repository. Use this to build a stable virtual environment to run this code. If you need help setting this up, [read the docs](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-environments.html#creating-an-environment-from-an-environment-yml-file).

## Project Structure
The main directory `neu_vgg16_example` should have the following contents:
- data
- notebooks
- results
- src
- mse_env.yml
- README.md

## Data
Images for this example were pulled from K. Song and Y. Yan [1]. The data are not included in this repository. Please use the original author's source below to fetch the data.


[1] K. Song and Y. Yan, “A noise robust method based on completed local binary patterns for hot-rolled steel strip surface defects,” Applied Surface Science, vol. 285, pp. 858-864, Nov. 2013.(paper)

http://faculty.neu.edu.cn/yunhyan/NEU_surface_defect_database.html

## Notebooks
This is where all iPython notebooks will be kept. Notebooks are great for quickly trying out new ideas. This is also where the main narrative of this tutorial resides.

## Results
This is where all exported figures will be stored.

## SRC
This is the *source code* directory. All helper functions will be (hopefully) neatly stored here.

Commit message:

added doi for original paper

README.md, after:

# neu_vgg16_example
Tutorial to use pre-trained VGG16 for defect classification on NEU Surface Defect Database. This is intended for demonstration purposes at Carnegie Mellon University Department of Materials Science and Engineering. 

The original paper for this work can be found here: https://doi.org/10.1007/s40192-018-0116-9

## Setting up the environment
The environment file `mse_env.yml` is included in this repository. Use this to build a stable virtual environment to run this code. If you need help setting this up, [read the docs](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-environments.html#creating-an-environment-from-an-environment-yml-file).

## Project Structure
The main directory `neu_vgg16_example` should have the following contents:
- data
- notebooks
- results
- src
- mse_env.yml
- README.md

## Data
Images for this example were pulled from K. Song and Y. Yan [1]. The data are not included in this repository. Please use the original author's source below to fetch the data.

[1] K. Song and Y. Yan, “A noise robust method based on completed local binary patterns for hot-rolled steel strip surface defects,” Applied Surface Science, vol. 285, pp. 858-864, Nov. 2013.(paper)

http://faculty.neu.edu.cn/yunhyan/NEU_surface_defect_database.html

## Notebooks
This is where all iPython notebooks will be kept. Notebooks are great for quickly trying out new ideas. This is also where the main narrative of this tutorial resides.

## Results
This is where all exported figures will be stored.

## SRC
This is the *source code* directory. All helper functions will be (hopefully) neatly stored here.
